thirty two jagers one winner the
Skylanders tournament I'm still excited
about that last one this is zero anger
gameplay HD and he has won the first
leading round of this which puts him up
and he took over my character that took
over I'm gonna have Hulu which that was
one of my very few wins on that side and
round ones he has high hopes for Hulu
but I think who looks like a robbery
is not gonna make the pass this lava
mouth mug is lava barf Eruptor for those
at home everybody have there you go
there you have it I lost one I still
don't I'm shot glass son lost that fight
what we said before though that blossom
was not that great in the battles not in
the battle mode it is really game is
really strong else is kind of a whole
different ball game though it's a lot
fast attacks is where it's a so if you
get somebody it's slow it's not gonna be
as good for sure which is this one might
be a bad one for me to hoot Luke can
take it for that teleforce will be big
right here yeah alright somebody to roll
two characters here we go oh I suck and
I can just sit back here and whittle
away wow dude that was quick one that
was a quick of the quick super punch
yeah we back up oh no no sir we're not
doing it that way oh wow I'm glad she's
glad that you knocked me back on it I
was like stuck end in that corner right
there there's gonna be a long battle
face I don't think so it is but I mean
is long as you think whoa that was kind
of weird you actually knocked me I mean
while I was teleporting get him out oh
yeah no no no no no
oh man that was not good I hope it's not
good at all
yes that's it bye there boy we will
somebody get taken
you better get scared yes that's it they
added it you better run for everything
shields good mouth come on let you
teleport out of the ring like that
that's it that's it we're gonna tear him
up you better get out of here because I
think that resets the punch counting Wow
- Wow actually dude you can't compete
against this let's do this blazing you
do this oh man so just who's your
favorite he is gone no round three for
you dude you better hope for something
I'll teleport it out of it go ahead over
yes he should be saying it for the win
I'll fudge that all up that was a
horrible display that's you're due to
teleport out the map
all right guys the show next fight we
got the main contender night shift
versus blizzard chill you go we need to
do like the rocky theme for me that's
gonna be a big fight right there cuz we
both picked night shift is possibly
gonna take go all the way to the final
final fights against blizzard chill
which is pretty cool too so this is sick
of anger gameplay HD thanks for watching